Add options on signin buttons (#19)
phanan/vue-google-signin-button: README.md

<template>
  <g-signin-button
    :params="googleSignInParams"

>     :options="googleSigninOptions"

Reviewer: This should be `googleSignInOptions` (notice the capital `I`) to be consistent with `googleSignInParams`.

Reviewer 2: Fixed ;)

       */
      googleSignInParams: {
        client_id: 'YOUR_APP_CLIENT_ID.apps.googleusercontent.com'
      },
      /**

>        * optional: defaults to {} if not present

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
       * Defaults to {} if not present.
```

>        * allows to transmit signin options according to : https://developers.google.com/identity/sign-in/web/reference#googleauthsigninoptions

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
       * Allows transmitting sign-in options according to https://developers.google.com/identity/sign-in/web/reference#googleauthsigninoptions.
```
